# tidystat (under development)
Stratified Sampling, Incidence Density Sampling, Nearest Neighbor Matching, Propensity Score Matching, Permutation Test, Bootstrap resampling, Network Analysis, Elastic Net, Cox Elastic Net, Hierarchical Interaction Lasso


## Incidence Density Sampling
https://github.com/mkim0710/tidystat/blob/master/data.stratifed.ccwc.source.r

## Nearest Neighbor Matching, Propensity Score Matching
https://github.com/mkim0710/tidystat/blob/master/data.stratified.Match.source.r

## Permutation Test
https://github.com/mkim0710/tidystat/blob/master/function.MatchingPairID_Exposed_Unexposed_shuffle.source.r

## Matched Pair Network Analysis (Manuscript under review)

## REFERENCES
#### Github r-source
https://github.com/wch/r-source/tree/trunk/src/main
https://github.com/wch/r-source/blob/trunk/src/main/arithmetic.c
#### CRAN Package tidyverse
https://github.com/cran/tidyverse
#### CRAN Package survival
https://github.com/cran/survival
#### CRAN Package MASS
https://github.com/cran/MASS
#### CRAN Package lme4
https://github.com/cran/lme4
#### CRAN Package tmle
https://github.com/cran/tmle
#### CRAN Package tensorflow
https://github.com/cran/tensorflow
#### CRAN Package MatchIt
https://github.com/cran/MatchIt
#### CRAN Package Matching
https://github.com/cran/Matching
#### CRAN Package optmatch
https://github.com/cran/optmatch
#### CRAN Package lars
https://github.com/cran/lars
#### CRAN Package glmnet
https://github.com/cran/glmnet
#### CRAN Package glinternet
https://github.com/cran/glinternet
#### CRAN Package bnlearn
https://github.com/cran/bnlearn
#### CRAN Package lsmeans
https://github.com/cran/lsmeans
#### CRAN Package Epi
https://github.com/cran/Epi
#### CRAN Package epitools
https://github.com/cran/epitools
#### CRAN Package epiR
https://github.com/cran/epiR
#### CRAN Package tableone
https://github.com/cran/tableone
https://github.com/kaz-yos/tableone
#### CRAN Package icd
https://github.com/cran/icd
https://github.com/jackwasey/icd
#### CRAN Package moonBook
https://github.com/cran/moonBook
https://github.com/cardiomoon/moonBook
#### CRAN Package ggplotAssist
https://github.com/cran/ggplotAssist
https://github.com/cardiomoon/ggplotAssist
#### OHDSI
https://github.com/OHDSI

